I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Thunderstorm
It is a Iovely, sunny day.
Peppa and George are
having a picnic.
Here's some orange
juice for you, Teddy.
What do you say?
Thank you very much, Peppa!
You are very Welcome, Teddy.
Here's some
orange juice for you,
Mr. Dinosaur.
And What do you say?
Grrrrrrrrrrr!
You are very Welcome,
Mr. Dinosaur.
Would Teddy or Mr. Dinosaur
like a cookie?
We're not very hungry.
So Peppa and George can
eat all the cookies.
Thank you, Teddy.
What Was that strange noise?
Peppa, George! Quick,
come inside the house!
Mummy! There Was
a loud ''bang'' sound!
It's thunder, Peppa.
It means there Will be
a thunderstorm With lots of rain.
Quick! lnto the house
before the rain starts!
No need to panic,
the rain is still a long Way off.
The sky is getting darker and darker.
There is going to be a thunderstorm.
Peppa, George,
did you bring all your
toys in from the garden?
Dine-Saw.
Good, Mr. Dinosaur is safe.
Teddy! I left Teddy in the garden!
He'll get Wet!
Don't Worry, Peppa.
Daddy Pig Will rescue Teddy!
You'd better hurry,
Daddy Pig. It's
just about to rain!
I know all about thunderstorms.
It Won't rain for ages.
As I thought,
plenty of time
before it rains.
Poor Teddy!
He's soaking Wet!
Yes, poor Teddy!
Let's get him dry!
Poor Teddy!
There you are,
Teddy! All dry!
What about poor Daddy?
I'm soaking Wet, too!
Oh! Sorry, Daddy Pig!
Let's get you dry!
There you are,
Daddy Pig!
Nice and dry!
Oh!?
The rain is
coming in the house!
The floor is getting Wet!
Oh, dear! What can We do,
Daddy Pig?
Don't Worry.
Daddy Pig is using a bucket
to catch the drips.
Well-done, Daddy Pig!
Easy as pie!
Er? What?
Quick! Find something else
to catch the Water!
Well-done, Peppa!
Easy as pie!
Mummy! The thunder
bangs are very loud!
It's okay, children;
don't be frightened.
Let's count between
each flash and bang.
The higher We can count,
the further away
the thunderstorm is.
One... two...
three...
That's three.
One... two... three...
four... five...
That's five!
The thunderstorm is going away!
The thunderstorm is over!
Hurray!
The thunderstorm
has filled the garden
With muddy puddles!
Peppa loves jumping up
and down in muddy puddles.
Everyone loves jumping up
I love thunderstorms,
they make muddy puddles!
Splish, splash, splosh, splish!